Hey Ali

I hope/assume English is fine for you. Personally it's almost second fluent language for me so I don't mind conversing in English if you prefer it. I've spent ~4 hours today figuring out and asking the person who did this assignment originally about it and I have to commend you on your solution because the original one is very confusing where the data doesn't match the video or the visualization. I haven't taken incredibly deep dive into your solution as I've been trying to figure out what is all this exactly about.

Few thoughts about your solution that I have from a glance is first of all, even if much of the solution is done with the help of AI (I'm not a teacher so I am really new at trying to understand the prompt files and how to relate that to your solution), you have organized the big picture really well. The jupyter notebook presentation is very nice and clear. I didn't find yet where you use savgol filter, but from purely mathematical perspective its usually best to save rounding/filtering/smoothing etc. before presenting and mostly using original data for calculation but there are exceptions to this. Perhaps the biggest criticism I would have on your solution is the spread out nature of it. This is a very clean organizationally, but it is much harder to follow the code. During studies this is mostly just issue with teachers trying to understand your solutions, but when working in teams if you need others to understand your code it is very good trying to prioritize that over modularity. On the other hand if the idea is to delegate different tasks to different people this sort of format works very well. Overall I would say very good work, and even that you used AI to help, I hope you learned much from this.